So let's dive into caching dynamic content with indexedDB
and before I explain what indexedDB is and I also explain what the difference between caching dynamic
content and dynamic caching is, let's make sure we have some dynamic content in our application because
thus far if we have a look at our application and there at the feed.js file, yes we do reach out to
the web here
with this fetch call here where we post data right now, previously we got data with a get request
but this is only a dummy request in the end,
we're not using this data.
Now we could build up on that
but that's really boring,
instead I want to reach the next level in this application and sooner or later, we're going to need a
simple server where we can store data.
We'll start setting up such a back-end in the next lecture so that we have a resource, a server we can
query for data.
Whilst we won't be able to post data to it just yet, we will at least have a real data source.
So let's start building that in the next lecture.